Pre-migration Edge Manager updates (#3646)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/proc-edge-manager-build-image-QCoW2.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="edge-manager-build-image-QCoW2"]

= Building the QCoW2 disk image

> Red Hat OpenShift Virtualization can download disk images from an OCI registry but it expects a container disk image instead of an OCI artifact. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{OCPV} can download disk images from an OCI registry but it expects a container disk image instead of an OCI artifact. 
```
